---
layout: post
title: "The Tellman Lab (UArizona) is hiring 4 (undergrad or grad) research assistants for Fall 2021"
comments: true
description: "Welcome!"
keywords: "dummy content"
author: GuestName
---
  
The Tellman Lab is hiring 4 (undergrad or grad) research assistants for Fall 2021!
  
  
  
The Tellman Lab has four NASA-funded projects (see: <a href="https://beth-tellman.github.io/ProjectsandMedia.html" target="_blank">https://beth-tellman.github.io/ProjectsandMedia.html</a>) using machine learning on satellite imagery. This semester we will be building two models; one to identify clandestine roads and airstrips in Central America’s protected areas and another to detect floods in urban areas around the world.

We are looking to bring on research assistants for 10 hours per week (paid $17/hour) for the fall semester (starting August 27th) to support our work. In this job, you will work closely with Dr. Beth Tellman, post-docs Dr. Rohit Mukherjee and Dr. Jonathan Giezendanner, and PhD student Hannah Friedrich to generate validation data sets. Good machine learning models require good training data labels from high resolution imagery. We will train you to generate validation and training data by identifying (and hand labeling, on a computer screen) infrastructure and flood water from a commercial satellite called Planetscope. This job can be done either in our lab on our computers, or remotely on your own laptop. Students who wish to get involved in resulting publications from this work will be given the opportunity to co-author papers with our lab.

We will train you on all skills needed for this job, but candidates with experience in GIS, remote sensing, and upperclassmen and women (seniors and juniors) will be given priority. Graduate students are also welcome to apply. This is a good opportunity to learn more about satellite imagery, machine learning, deforestation, and flooding.

Interested candidates should email btellman@arizona.edu AND rohitmukherjee@arizona.edu with the subject line “Machine Learning Research Assistant,” a one paragraph expression of interest, and a CV that lists relevant experience or coursework. These positions will be open until filled, and will start reviewing applications on Wednesday, August 18th.